[BLANK_AUDIO]
Now, let's bring in our store list data.
Using a join tool,
let's connect the weekly traffic
data to the store list data.
Let's join using the store field,
and deselect the right store input,
as we don't need two columns for
the store field in our data stream.
We also wanted to use
region as a variable.
Since this is a categorical variable,
the way to approach the data is to match
control and treatment stores
separately by each region.
For each region,
the steps will be the same.
First, filter out the region-specific
data using the filter tool,
using a basic filter where
region equals Midwest.
In order to use the AB controls tool,
we need to separate the treatment
stores from the control group.
So let's drag another
filter onto the canvas and
create a filter where the test
group does not equal CC.
This will split our data stream into two
streams, one with the treatment stores,
and one with the control stores.
So the t output has
the treatment stores, and
the false output has the control stores.
Now, we can use the AB control
tools to use the trend and
seasonality data calculated
by the AB trend tool
to match each treatment store to
two control stores for each region.
So let's drag an AB controls
tool onto the canvas.
Connect the data with the treatment
stores to the t input.
And the data with all the stores,
treatment and control, to the d input.
Now let's configure in the tool.
For the treatment unit identifier,
we'll select store.
We're going to use both trend and
seasonality to match
treatment to control stores.
And we're going to match two control
stores to each treatment unit,
where a control can only be matched
to a single treatment unit.
We'll repeat these steps for
each region.